I'll show you how to cast on for my most
of my top-down that is Charles I've
gotten a few comments about how to pick
up the stitches to begin and so I
thought I'd just show you
I used the longtail cast on method just
to cast on the three stitches that you
need but you don't necessarily have to
use the longtail cast on you can do
whatever you wish so I'm going to cast
on three stitches got three stitches now
I need to knit six rows in garter stitch
so that's just plain knitting six rows
that's one
to
three
forward
five
and then this is sex
okay now I have three live stitches at
the top of my needles and I have a piece
of knitted work I'm going to pick up
three stitches along the long edge and
then three stitches at the beginning the
cast on edge so here we go
one
then two then three put that one on
there okay and then I'm going to pick up
the three along the cast on it and that
will be one
to
and then this little tail needs to be
hidden so we'll go around him and pick
up the third there we go we have the
three lives to just here at the
beginning the three picked up stitches
from the long edge and then the last
three are the three picked up stitches
from the cast on edge and that's all it
that it is the nine you need to start
this the shop